{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17140\viewh13820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Dear Colleagues,\
On behalf of the organising committee, we are pleased to invite you to participate in the 
\f1\i\b Optimisation-in-the-L\'e4nd workshop
\f0\i0\b0 , to be held on 
\f2\b Nov. 26 and 27 2026
\f0\b0  at 
\f2\b the baroque castle Mannheim. 
\f0\b0 This workshop is planned as a joint meeting between the IFIP-TC7 working groups on Inverse problems (WG 7.4) Nonlinear optimisation (WG 7.8), and organised by the mathematical optimisation and scientific computing labs in Mannheim and Heidelberg. Thematically, the workshop is focussed on the interface between inverse problem and mathematical optimisation. In particular, main topics of this workshop include (among others):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Advances in optimisation methods for inverse problems \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Data-driven methodologies\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Computational approaches. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The workshop will host shorter talks, longer talks (plenary like), as well as coffee breaks and social events. The workshop is planned as an \'93upon invitation only\'94 event. 
\f2\b It would be a great pleasure for us to have you as one of our plenary speakers for this event. 
\f0\b0 \
Detailed information regarding registration, submission guidelines, and the program schedule can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jschnebel.github.io/optimization-laend.de/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b https://jschnebel.github.io/optimization-laend.de/}}
\f2\b . 
\f0\b0 \
We sincerely hope you will be able to join us for this engaging and intellectually stimulating event. For proper planning of the event, we would be grateful if you could let us know whether you can accept this invitation until [
\f2\b date].
\f0\b0  \
Should you require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact us at 
\f2\b b.lermer@uni-mannheim.de
\f0\b0 \
We look forward to welcoming you.\
Warm regards,\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b \
Mathias Staudigl (Mannheim) and Roland Herzog (Heidelberg)
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 }